---
title: Next Steps and FAQs for This Project
project: cqi
pubDate: 2024-03-23 09:35:00 +0100
author: Tobias Jordans @tordans
menuTitle: Next Steps / FAQ
inMenu: true
language: 'en'
---

We just launched this project with [Alex's presentation at FOSSGIS 2024](/cqi/posts/2024-01-01-cqi-fossgis-2024) on April 23rd. Understandably, there were questions about the next steps planned for this project.

## Next Steps

### Routing

We aim to add a simple routing tool to the page, allowing us to showcase the different routes a person needs to take to bike from A to B based on one of the 4 levels of traffic stress. Bike Ottawa has this feature, and it's a great way to highlight missing links in the route network. My [presentation at Bits & Bäume 2022 has a few screenshots](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Qs99tKNtUpjwgFZm-bfvWZdgcFv40ZCDvpOyheag3H4/edit#slide=id.gff2be6f386_0_127) that illustrate what I mean.

Our plan is as follows:

1. Continue the experiment with [Dustin's Route Snapper library](https://github.com/dabreegster/route_snapper/), which is under the "Routing (Alpha)" page.
2. Reach out to other routing services that use OSM data to see if cooperation is possible.

Related:
- [How could we export our processed data to be used to set up a routing service?](https://github.com/osm2pgsql-dev/osm2pgsql/discussions/2145)

### All of Germany

Our plan is to migrate the proof of concept Python script that Alex developed to the osm2pgsql-powered processing of Radverkehrsatlas. This will provide us with updated data at least once a day for all of Germany.

Several tasks need to be completed:

- Compare the infrastructure categories from Python with those of the atlas code; add what is needed in a way that works for the atlas.
- Transfer the calculations and settings from Python to Lua.
- Add the required geometric processing that the proof of concept needs to the atlas.

A few helpful links: [Github Atlas Frontend](https://github.com/FixMyBerlin/atlas-app), [Github Atlas Processing](https://github.com/FixMyBerlin/atlas-geo/tree/main/app/process).

Related:
- [Github issue about atlas processing](https://github.com/FixMyBerlin/atlas-app/issues/87)

### My Country / The World

Currently, we don't have any plans to extend this project globally or to other countries. However, the code is open source, so you can always set this up for yourself. Please keep in mind that the configuration we used to create the indexes will likely need adjusting for your specific cycling infrastructure. Also, you will likely need to do quite a bit of mapping in your region to incorporate the high level of detail into the OSM data needed for this project to yield meaningful results.
